hello guys and today I'll show you how
changing stores is simple small
steps from your iphone ipod or ipad
without the aid of jailbreak or cydia
in practice we open app store
we wait a moment that it charges ok my
already loaded and we go on the first floor there
we go to the end until the end of
page and click on our apple id
after which it displays account
let's wait a moment to load and to me
now he doesn't ask because it's already inserted
the step for beaches I try is the first time
that you will do this option displays
account
will ask me to enter the password
skin of you put the grandmother there
worry nothing will happen
strange
then you will click on region country
change country or region and me now
I'm not here to change you anyway
I show you how to do it maybe if
you're in another store and you don't know anymore
how to return to the Italian one
click on store here are all
store of the world and go to click on
the Italian one Italy end ahead now
will ask you to accept i again
terms and so on
please accept ok
expect a moment and as payment
here you can put what you want
or leave so you know that if
change something from this page
from the previous one he will not ask you
only this but you are sure and all
other permissions will ask you again
to tell apple the password and so on
then we click on end and now we
we will return to our starting store
thanks for following me
subscribe to my channel
put a nice like the next
video tutorial